# Final Project
## Part I
_**Outline**_<br/>
With numerous competitors entering the SVoD market, it has been more critical than ever to increase their market share by satisfying their consumers' needs under the fast-changing market trends. Though, despite its continuously rising competition, the marketplace accelerates enough so that the consumers are more likely to subscribe to multiple services as more and more people prefer watching a movie at home than at the theatre. However, at the same time, consumers are starting to crave newer and more different experiences that satisfy them in a more time-efficient manner. They are seeking content with shorter lengths. And furthermore, user-generated content is getting an increasing level of popularity among the consumers. Thus, SVoD companies started to focus on getting more exclusive content on their platform and producing their own original series or shows. Based on the consumers' changing behavior and growing in different tastes, the project suggests two key factors in the companies' anticipated call-to-action: Reduction and Globalization. Consumers' tendency to prefer shorter videos is one thing, but there is also an increasing trend in using mobile devices like smartphones or tablets more than other media. With that in mind, it makes shorter videos more desirable in this case, as they not only don't require long hours to watch but also are more compatible with devices like smartphones or tablets. In recent years, Netflix has managed to produce a larger share of top-rated original productions. Yes, they invest billions of dollars in them, but also they managed to expand their productions more globally. Many Netflix Originals such as Dark(Germany), Kingdom(South Korea), or Money Heist(Spain), have brought enormous success to the company. Globalization doesn't just apply to productions. The accelerating SVoD market is not a phenomenon that only happens in the United States, but rather it is a global trend. Hence, it would be a crucial and inevitable decision for companies to expand their service to the worldwide market.
